Pls werk

Jerry: Did the medical journal mention anything about standing in a pool of somebody else's urine. Me too. Mickey: It’s 100% cotton, and some wool. George: My father was a quitter, my grandfather was a quitter, I was raised to give up. It's one of the few things I do well. George: Who buys an umbrella anyway? You can get them for free at the coffee shop in those metal cans? Jerry: You know what a good mechanic is worth? You can't compare that to sex. Jerry: If we pick, do we not bleed."

Jerry: It can’t be the nudity. I never got into these terrible fights and misunderstandings when I was changing before gym class. Jerry: So, has the summer of George begun? Or are you still decomposing. Mr. Ross: It's a terrible tragedy when parents outlive their children. George: Yes, I agree. I hope my parents go long before I do. Jerry: It can’t be the nudity. I never got into these terrible fights and misunderstandings when I was changing before gym class. Elaine: Movie hot dogs? I'd rather lick the food off the floor. Kramer: Karate. It's a lifetime pursuit of balance and harmony. Jerry: But with punching and kicking. George: Is it my imagination, or do really good-looking women walk a lot faster than everybody else.

Kramer: You know what they say, 'You don't sell the steak, you sell the sizzle.'; Puddy: I painted my face. Elaine: You painted your face? Puddy: Yeah.' Elaine: Why? Puddy: Well, you know, support the team. George: Mr. Pensky. I was just working on your file. I was transferring the contents of the file into this flexible accordion-style folder. Latvian orthodox: What aspect of the faith do you find particularly attractive? George: I think the hats. George: Alrighty. My last job was in publishing. I got fired for having sex in my office with the cleaning woman. Jerry: Why do I always have the feeling everyone's doing something better than me on Saturday afternoon? George: I have never been anyone's type, but apparently, this Marisa Tomei loves funny, quirky, bald men.
